When you are defining a transformation, there are several different roles that
objects fall into.  We will take my prototypical example of defining an average
function on a list.

    xs = [1,2,3,4,5,6]
    assert `xs` is a list of numbers
    assert `xs` is nonempty
    sum = (function() {
        var s = 0; 
        for (var i = 0; i < xs.length; i++) { 
            s += xs[i];
        }
        return s;
    })()
    length = xs.length
    average = sum / length

Here `xs` is not a definition we want to keep -- it is a parameter with an
example value, but we intend to abstract it away.  Of course, the idea of
sequent is that things get abstracted away even when we don't explicitly intend
it, but there are differences in how things get treated. 

For exampe, when we `assert \`xs\` is a list of numbers`, we are really treating
that more like an assumption for the following code than like a fact to put in
the database.

There is also a workflow difference between ambient assumptions and parametric
assumptions.  That is, we more naturally consider `average` to be a function of
a specific list than the concept of division, although (in the idealization of
Sequent that I'm heading toward) those are both parameters to `average`.  This
may be important when importing `average` after defining it -- the ambient
environment is by default automatically included, whereas the parametric
environment is by default abstracted.  (But it is important that those defaults
can be changed)

There is an additional subtlety in this example -- `\`xs\` is nonempty` needn't
be there for `sum` and `length`, only for `average`.  Indeed, it is very
possible that programmer didn't even think of that constraint, and part of the
vision is to help the programmer think of things like that.  But I think that is
a topic for another time.

So what exactly does the parameter environment mean?  Are parameters available
to the solver, or is the solver just for finding the right ambient environment
for the functions you want?  The latter is essentially a typeclass system, where
the former is more like a logic programming environment.  I think I want
something more like the former -- where the computer does as much work as it can
for you, and you are just responsible for defining the abstraction boundaries.

But I have been thinking that functions need signatures so that we can talk
about them as first-class objects.  This is relevant because maybe the
parameter environment gets pulled into the function signature instead of the
environment.  (But since environments and parameters are really equivalent in a
way, we should support converting between environments parameters and function
parameters in the calculus).  So perhaps this is a valid proposition:

    `xs` is a list of numbers ==> `average(xs)` is the average of `xs`

This is reminding me of the Skolem functions of some of the first Sequent ideas.
Is this equivalent to anything currently representable in the calculus?  Well,
it could just be a hint to keep `xs` abstract when importing `average`, but that
means that this is a quantified property.  That is, if you have a function:

    function(xs,ys) { return average(xs) + average(ys) }

then a _proposition_ in its environment would have to be the above rule.  This
is getting into undecidable land.  But there is nothing in principle keeping us
from using quantified propositions -- as long as we don't have to guess at
substitutions.  I guess this comes down to higher order unification, doesn't it?
But we are also assuming an interactive setting, which could help with problems
like that.

But I digrees.  I'm picturing four environments right now:

1. The _ambient_ environment, which contains current working assumptions. This
   corresponds to eg. your current imports -- e.g. that `cons` and `nil` are
   instances of the `List` abstraction, etc.  It also contains helper
   definitions for what you are working toward.  The ambient environment
   contains the conceptual primitives in terms of which your code is defined.
   Any new definitions are by default entered into the ambient environment.
2. The _parametric_ environment, which contains the parameters and assumptions
   to the functions you are writing.  This is different than the ambient
   environment because it communicates a sense of more locality.  You don't
   really ever need to use the average of a specific list, you want to use the
   idea of averaging, but you would prefer if the constraints on what averaging
   means were filled in automatically.  So the list to be averaged is in the
   parametric environment (when you are defining average), and everything else
   is ambient.
3. The _system_ environment, which contains information about the current
   development environment that should not be entered as assumptions to new
   definitions.  This might contain the IP and port of your development server,
   or the definition of the object language you are using (if you are working at
   a high enough level of abstraction -- I hope to one day get there).
4. The _test_ environment, which contains local testing definitions, which are
   also not entered as assumptions to new definitions. For example, if you are
   defining code on lists, maybe the solver picks cons lists for you.  But you
   observe a bug when used with arrays, so you enter `eq List ArrayImpl` into
   your test environment to constrain the solver to pick arrays instead.  The
   only reason test is different than system is a matter of convenience -- the
   system environment stays more-or-less constant when working on a specific
   project, while the test environment is probably thrown away after each task.

Everything here is straightforward to implement except for the parametric
environment.  That is probably why I gave it so much attention in the beginning
of this document.  Figuring out the workings of the parametric environment
essentially entails figuring out the logical model of functions.  That is
something we probably need to do, though.
